Godot Logger as a Godot Plugin. (#26)
KOBUGE-Games/godot-logger: README.md

Logger - Logging singleton for Godot Engine
Godot Logger - Logging Addon for Godot Engine
===========================================

The *Logger* class is a GDScript singleton that provides a logging API for
The *Godot Logger* is a plugin that provides a logging API for
projects developed with [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org).

# Usage

> 

Reviewer: Please keep the separation line after the heading.

> 3. An autoloaded script will be added to your ptoject singletons list as `Logger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. An autoloaded script will be added to your project singletons list as `Logger`.
```

Godot Logger - Logging Addon for Godot Engine
===========================================

The *Godot Logger* is a plugin that provides a logging API for
projects developed with [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org).

# Usage

> 1. Clone this repository to `godot_project/addons/`.

Reviewer: Experience showed me that many users, including developers, don't understand this kind of pseudo path and will take it literally (and then wonder why it doesn't work).

So I would do:
```suggestion
1. Clone or extract this repository as the `res://addons/godot-logger` folder in your project.
```

Author: Done  👍

* `{MSG}`     = Message from the user
* `{TIME}`    = Timestamp when the logging occurred
* `{ERR_MSG}` = Error message corresponding to the error code, if provided.

> 				It is automatically prepended with a space.

Reviewer: Wrong indentation change.
